Tutorial1 (#12)
kytos-ng/documentation: tutorials/napps/development_environment_setup.rst

.. code-block:: console

 sudo add-apt-repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa
 sudo apt update

>  sudo apt install python3.9 

Reviewer: @usmanazFIU did you have the chance to confirm if it also installs pip and the dev dependencies? I wonder if `python3.9-dev python3.9-venv` would also be needed.

Author: pip is installed with python installation. for the safe side we can add sudo apt install python3.9-dev and sudo apt install 
python3.9-venv

Author: from the internet 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104851066/175169544-6394f610-a515-4043-a8ee-1250182dad8c.png)

Install the NApps cloning from GitHub and running python3 setup.py develop

> Currently, flow_manager and topology requires MongoDB to be setup. so before installing the Napps follow the instructions below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, flow_manager and topology require MongoDB to be setup. Before installing the Napps, follow the instructions below
```

To see more about Mininet, you can access the webpage `mininet.org
<http://mininet.org/walkthrough/>`_.

How to use with MongoDB
=======================

Kytos with MongoDB requires docker and docker-compose to be installed on your linux environment. The following tutorials have been tested on Ubuntu 20.0.4 for docker and docker-compose

Installing docker
-----------------

> https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-20-04 (Follow till Step 3 for installing required docker dependencies)

Reviewer: The instructions and links look great, @usmanazFIU, could you reformat them using RST links instead? Either inline or reference links would be fine I think.

Author: ive updated
